add documentation for fips endpoints, add missing dynamo endpoint doc… (#14184)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/setup/reference/backends.mdx

You can add optional query parameters to the S3 URL. The Teleport Auth
Service reads these parameters to configure its interactions with S3:

`s3://bucket/path?region=us-east-1&endpoint=mys3.example.com&insecure=false&disablesse=false&acl=private&use_fips_endpoint=true`

- `region=us-east-1` - set the Amazon region to use.
- `endpoint=mys3.example.com` - connect to a custom S3 endpoint.
- `insecure=true` - set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, TLS will be disabled.
- `disablesse=true` - set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, S3 server-side encryption will be disabled. If `false`, aws:kms (Key Management Service) will be used for server-side encryption. Other SSE types are not supported at this time.
- `sse_kms_key=kms_key_id` - If set to a valid AWS KMS CMK key ID all objects uploaded to S3 will be encrypted with this key. Details can be found below.
- `acl=private` - set the [canned ACL](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/acl-overview.html#canned-acl) to use. Must be one of the predefined ACL values.

> - `use_fips_endpoint=true` -  set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, [FIPS](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/) S3 endpoints will be used. If `false`, normal S3 endpoints will be used. If unset, the AWS Environment Variable `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` will determine which endpoint is used. FIPS endpoints will also be used if Teleport is run with the `--fips` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `use_fips_endpoint=true` -  set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, [FIPS](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/) S3 endpoints will be used. If `false`, normal S3 endpoints will be used. If this parameter is unset, Teleport will use the value of the environment variable `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` to determine which endpoint to use use. FIPS endpoints will also be used if Teleport is run with the `--fips` flag.
```
Minor capitalization/style tweak.

> - `use_fips_endpoint=true` -  set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, [FIPS](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/) S3 endpoints will be used. If `false`, normal S3 endpoints will be used. If unset, the AWS Environment Variable `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` will determine which endpoint is used. FIPS endpoints will also be used if Teleport is run with the `--fips` flag.

Reviewer: There seem to be three possible values for the `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` variable: https://github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go/blob/258263306d5faf0fc5f629dfcccf0f5ffedca131/aws/endpoints/endpoints.go#L35-L44

Should we talk about the difference between unsetting and disabling FIPS endpoint resolution in the context of the environment variable?

Author: I certainly think that's a valid conversation to have. It also may be helpful to specify the priority order for the different options, ie; `QueryParam > --fips flag > ENVVAR`. Do you want me to take a spin at trying to describe all of this succinctly? I was intentionally trying to avoid being too verbose with this.

> - `use_fips_endpoint=true` -  set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, [FIPS](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/) S3 endpoints will be used. If `false`, normal S3 endpoints will be used. If unset, the AWS Environment Variable `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` will determine which endpoint is used. In Teleport 10 or greater, FIPS endpoints will be used if Teleport is run with the `--fips` flag.

Reviewer 2: Instead of saying "In Teleport 10 or greater", this should depend on the version of the documentation that's being shown. So in branch/v10, this should just say that "FIPS endpoints will be used if Teleport is run with --fips flag". In branch/v9, I'd say what the default behavior is.

  Teleport will default to a local file system for the audit log, i.e.
  `/var/lib/teleport/log` on an auth server.

> The optional `GET` parameters shown below control how Teleport interacts with a Dynamo endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional `GET` parameters shown below control how Teleport interacts with a DynamoDB endpoint.
```

`dynamodb://events_table_name?region=us-east-1&endpoint=dynamo.example.com&use_fips_endpoint=true`

- `region=us-east-1` - set the Amazon region to use.
- `endpoint=dynamo.example.com` - connect to a custom S3 endpoint.

> - `use_fips_endpoint=true` -  set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, [FIPS](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/) Dynamo endpoints will be used. If `false`, normal Dynamo endpoints will be used. If unset, the AWS Environment Variable `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` will determine which endpoint is used. FIPS endpoints will also be used if Teleport is run with the `--fips` flag.

Reviewer: Same comments as the first similar paragraph

> - `use_fips_endpoint=true` -  set to `true` or `false`. If `true`, [FIPS](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/) Dynamo endpoints will be used. If `false`, normal Dynamo endpoints will be used. If unset, the AWS Environment Variable `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` will determine which endpoint is used. In Teleport 10 or greater, FIPS endpoints will be used if Teleport is run with the `--fips` flag.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above.

}
```

### Configuring AWS FIPS endpoints

This config option applies to [AWS S3](#s3) and [AWS DynamoDB](#dynamodb).

Set `use_fips_endpoint` to `true` or `false`. If `true`, [FIPS](https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/fips/) Dynamo endpoints will be used.
If `false`, normal Dynamo endpoints will be used. If unset, the AWS Environment Variable `AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT` will determine which endpoint is used.
FIPS endpoints will also be used if Teleport is run with the `--fips` flag.

> Config option priority is applied in the order `QueryParameter > --fips > AWS_USE_FIPS_ENDPOINT`, or:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Config option priority is applied in the following order:
```

> - Setting query parameter in the config as shown above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Setting the `use_fips_endpoint` query parameter as shown above
```
